README.md, before:

=== WooCommerce Yuansfer Payment ===

```
Contributors: yuansfer
Tags: yuansfer, payment request, unionpay, alipay, wechat pay, credit card, paypal, venmo, woocommerce, automattic
Requires at least: 4.4
Tested up to: 5.4
Requires PHP: 5.6
Stable tag: 3.0.3
License: GPLv3
License URI: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
Attributions: yuansfer-team
```

Take payments on your store using Yuansfer.

== Description ==

= Introduction =

Yuansfer Payment Gateway/Extension (free) enables you to incorporate Chinese payment methods including WeChat Pay, China UnionPay, and Alipay. You can allow customers to make Chinese online and mobile payments with only a few clicks.

= Background =

With a market of consumers surpassing a billion and Alipay and WeChat Pay the preferred way for consumers to make transactions. Allowing your consumers to pay through these apps could allow for a unprecedent growth opportunity for your company. Accepting Alipay, WeChat Pay and Union Pay would grant access to your company to approximately 900 million Chinese online shoppers and more than five million annual visiting tourists as well as two million US residents. 

= Benefits =

•	2 business funding in USD to any US bank account.
•	Full & partial refunds.
•	Pre-authorization or Pre-auth available for hotel, travel, and car rental merchants.
•	Most transparent pricing at 2.3% per transaction, with No surcharges, No hidden fees, No monthly fees, and No commitment. (Custom rates available for merchants with large payment volume)
•	Currently only available in the US.

= Features =

•	Swift Transactions using Alipay/WeChat Pay/ China Union Pay 
•	Improved engagement with Chinese shoppers
•	Increased security measures to protect both you and your customers
•	Technologies to help reduce your cart abandonment rate to increase sales.
•	Review statistics to make informed decisions about what works and what doesn’t

= Process Flows =

1.	The customer places an order on your website and chooses to pay with Alipay, WeChat Pay or China Union Pay.
2.	The customer is redirected to the Alipay or WeChat Pay website/App to log in and is prompted to confirm payment within the e-wallet.
3.	The payment status is communicated to you in real-time.
4.	We remit the collected payments to you in 2 business days. 

= About Yuansfer =

As the world becomes increasingly interconnected and cross border purchases are growing exponentially- both in stores and online; businesses are now faced with the challenge of trying to meet the consumers’ demand for seamless payments. 
Yuansfer seeks to empower merchants with reliable global payment technology and help them expand to international markets. We are a global company ourselves with offices in New York City, Los Angeles and China. And we take pride in growing business from local to global, while bridging the gap between US brands and Chinese consumers with our proven payment solutions.

== Installation ==

Please note, v1 of this plugin requires WooCommerce 2.6 and above.

= Automatic installation =

Automatic installation is the easiest option as WordPress handles the file transfers itself and you don’t need to leave your web browser. To
do an automatic install of, log in to your WordPress dashboard, navigate to the Plugins menu and click Add New.

In the search field type “WooCommerce Yuansfer Payment” and click Search Plugins. Once you’ve found our plugin you can view details about it such as the point release, rating and description. Most importantly of course, you can install it by simply clicking "Install Now".

= Manual installation =

The manual installation method involves downloading our plugin and uploading it to your web server via your favorite FTP application. The WordPress codex contains [instructions on how to do this here](http://codex.wordpress.org/Managing_Plugins#Manual_Plugin_Installation).

= Updating =

Automatic updates should work like a charm; as always though, ensure you backup your site just in case.

== Frequently Asked Questions ==

= How long is the on-boarding time with Yuansfer? =

Normally it takes 1-2 business days.

= What is the cost of using Yuansfer gateway for Alipay, WeChat Pay and China Union Pay? =

2.3% per transaction, with No surcharges, No hidden fees, No monthly fees, and No commitment. (Custom rates available for merchants with large payment volume)

= Does Yuansfer support currencies other than USD? =

No, we currently only support USD funding to US bank accounts.

= What is your contact? =

www.yuansfer.com 
support@Yuansfer.com
(855) 982-6888

== Screenshots ==

1. The settings panel used to configure the gateway.
2. Normal checkout with Yuansfer.
3. Option to save a card to your account.
4. Checking out with a saved card.
5. Using the Yuansfer checkout modal.

== Changelog ==

= 3.0.3 - 2021-01-02 =
* Fix refund for v3 API

= 3.0.2 - 2020-12-20 =
* Fix creditcard currency check error
* Remove the code for woocommerce < 3.0 compatibility

= 3.0.1 - 2020-12-19 =
* Fix alipay currency check error

= 3.0.0 - 2020-11-07 =
* Update to v3 API
* Add payment method: paypal, venmo  

= 2.0.1 - 2020-11-06 =
* Fix WeChat Pay terminal settings

= 2.0.0 - 2020-11-06 =
* Change version for consistency
* Add mobile detect

= 1.2.3 - 2020-10-22 =
* Remove useless parameters for refund

= 1.2.2 - 2020-08-02 =
* Add CNY support

= 1.2.1 - 2020-07-20 =
* Fix retry error of update customer
* Skip customerNo when disable create account of credit card

= 1.2.0 - 2020-07-19 =
* Update to new version of Yuansfer API
* Add create customer for credit card
* WC require up to 3.0

= 1.1.0 - 2020-07-14 =
* Add payment method: credit card
* Add support for new API parameter: rmbAmount
* Fix status error after order creation

= 1.0.0 - 2019-05-30 =
First Release

== Upgrade Notice ==

Commit message:

Fix bug on Braintree failure payment

README.md, after:

=== Yuansfer Wallet Payments ===

```
Contributors: yuansfer
Tags: yuansfer, payment request, unionpay, alipay, wechat pay, credit card, paypal, venmo, woocommerce, automattic
Requires at least: 4.4
Tested up to: 5.7
Requires PHP: 5.6
Stable tag: 3.0.4
License: GPLv3
License URI: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
Attributions: yuansfer-team
```

Accept payments on your store using Yuansfer.

== Description ==

= Introduction =

Yuansfer Payment Gateway enables you to incorporate Chinese payment methods including WeChat Pay, China UnionPay, and Alipay. You can allow customers to make Chinese online and mobile payments with only a few clicks.

= Background =

With a market of consumers surpassing a billion and Alipay and WeChat Pay the preferred way for consumers to make transactions. Allowing your consumers to pay through these apps could allow for a unprecedent growth opportunity for your company. Accepting Alipay, WeChat Pay and Union Pay would grant access to your company to approximately 900 million Chinese online shoppers and more than five million annual visiting tourists as well as two million US residents.

= Benefits =

•	2 business funding in USD to any US bank account.
•	Full & partial refunds.
•	Pre-authorization or Pre-auth available for hotel, travel, and car rental merchants.
•	Most transparent pricing at 2.3% per transaction, with No surcharges, No hidden fees, No monthly fees, and No commitment. (Custom rates available for merchants with large payment volume)
•	Currently only available in the US.

= Features =

•	Swift Transactions using Alipay/WeChat Pay/ China Union Pay
•	Improved engagement with Chinese shoppers
•	Increased security measures to protect both you and your customers
•	Technologies to help reduce your cart abandonment rate to increase sales.
•	Review statistics to make informed decisions about what works and what doesn’t

= Process Flows =

1.	The customer places an order on your website and chooses to pay with Alipay, WeChat Pay or China Union Pay.
2.	The customer is redirected to the Alipay or WeChat Pay website/App to log in and is prompted to confirm payment within the e-wallet.
3.	The payment status is communicated to you in real-time.
4.	We remit the collected payments to you in 2 business days.

= About Yuansfer =

As the world becomes increasingly interconnected and cross border purchases are growing exponentially- both in stores and online; businesses are now faced with the challenge of trying to meet the consumers’ demand for seamless payments.
Yuansfer seeks to empower merchants with reliable global payment technology and help them expand to international markets. We are a global company ourselves with offices in New York City, Los Angeles and China. And we take pride in growing business from local to global, while bridging the gap between US brands and Chinese consumers with our proven payment solutions.

== Installation ==

Please note, this plugin requires WooCommerce 2.6 and above.

= Automatic installation =

Automatic installation is the easiest option as WordPress handles the file transfers itself and you don’t need to leave your web browser. To
do an automatic install of, log in to your WordPress dashboard, navigate to the Plugins menu and click Add New.

In the search field type “Yuansfer Payment for WooCommerce” and click Search Plugins. Once you’ve found our plugin you can view details about it such as the point release, rating and description. Most importantly of course, you can install it by simply clicking "Install Now".

= Manual installation =

The manual installation method involves downloading our plugin and uploading it to your web server via your favorite FTP application. The WordPress codex contains [instructions on how to do this here](http://codex.wordpress.org/Managing_Plugins#Manual_Plugin_Installation).

= Updating =

Automatic updates should work like a charm; as always though, ensure you backup your site just in case.

== Frequently Asked Questions ==

= How long is the on-boarding time with Yuansfer? =

Normally it takes 1-2 business days.

= What is the cost of using Yuansfer gateway for Alipay, WeChat Pay and China Union Pay? =

2.3% per transaction, with No surcharges, No hidden fees, No monthly fees, and No commitment. (Custom rates available for merchants with large payment volume)

= Does Yuansfer support currencies other than USD? =

No, we currently only support USD funding to US bank accounts.

= What is your contact? =

www.yuansfer.com
support@Yuansfer.com
(855) 982-6888

== Screenshots ==

1. The settings panel used to configure the gateway.
2. Normal checkout with Yuansfer.
3. Option to save a card to your account.
4. Checking out with a saved card.
5. Using the Yuansfer checkout modal.

== Changelog ==
= 3.0.4 - 2021-04-19 =
* Added support for WordPress v5.7
* Fix bug on Braintree failure payment

= 3.0.3 - 2021-01-02 =
* Fix refund for v3 API

= 3.0.2 - 2020-12-20 =
* Fix creditcard currency check error
* Remove the code for woocommerce < 3.0 compatibility

= 3.0.1 - 2020-12-19 =
* Fix alipay currency check error

= 3.0.0 - 2020-11-07 =
* Update to v3 API
* Add payment method: paypal, venmo

= 2.0.1 - 2020-11-06 =
* Fix WeChat Pay terminal settings

= 2.0.0 - 2020-11-06 =
* Change version for consistency
* Add mobile detect

= 1.2.3 - 2020-10-22 =
* Remove useless parameters for refund

= 1.2.2 - 2020-08-02 =
* Add CNY support

= 1.2.1 - 2020-07-20 =
* Fix retry error of update customer
* Skip customerNo when disable create account of credit card

= 1.2.0 - 2020-07-19 =
* Update to new version of Yuansfer API
* Add create customer for credit card
* WC require up to 3.0

= 1.1.0 - 2020-07-14 =
* Add payment method: credit card
* Add support for new API parameter: rmbAmount
* Fix status error after order creation

= 1.0.0 - 2019-05-30 =
First Release

== Upgrade Notice ==
